PUBLIC GEODATA LICENSE 
Version 0.1, june 2004 
Everyone is permitted to copy and
distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not
allowed.

Preamble

These licence applies to geographical data, attributes, and associated metadata.
It applies to any derivated work, too. It's purpose is to facilitate production,
exchange, and distribution of geographical data, in respect of author rights and
users rights to benefit of the same liberties. It's according to these rules
that any section of the licence should be interpreted. In the following text, «
You » mean « any data user », « License » mean these release of the « Public
Geodata License », except if written « this licence and any later version », and
« data » mean geographical data, attributes, and metadata. Permission is hereby
granted to you by the author(s) to use the data for any purpose, to study, adapt
to your needs, copy, distribute, enhance, and publish enhancements under the
following terms:

1.You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the data as you receive it,
provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the
notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and give
any other recipients of the data a copy of this licence included as metadata.

2. You may modify your copy or copies of the data, and distribute such
modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also
meet all of these conditions: 2.1) Metadata or at least an associated file must
carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files, what you changed,
the date of any changes, and every other informations required for data use.
2.2) Every part of the data, every work issued from the data, is licensed under
the terms of this license. 2.3) You must do the necessary to inform the users
about their rights as they are defined in this license.

3. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the data, or parts of them, or
a derived work on a crypted form, included in a software or in a website, or by
the mean of any media which limit access, only if you reach at the same time one
of the three following conditions: 3.1) Accompany it with the complete
corresponding data under the terms of sections 1 and 2 above in a format and on
a support customarily used for geographical data sharing. 3.2) Or accompany
these distribution or publication with an offer valid for at least three years,
to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically
performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the
corresponding data, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above
on a medium customarily used for geographical data interchange. 3.3) Or
accompany these distribution or publication with the information you received as
to the offer to distribute corresponding data according to subsection 3.2. This
last choice is allowed, by derogation, only for non-profit publications or
distributions.

4 You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the data except as
expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify,
sublicense or distribute the data is void, and will automatically terminate your
rights under this License.

5 You are not required to accept this License. However, nothing else grants you
permission to modify or distribute the data or its derivative works. Therefore,
by modifying or distributing the data (or any work based on the data), you
indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and
conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the data or works based on it.

6 Each time you redistribute the data (or any work based on the data), the
recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy,
distribute or modify the data subject to these terms and conditions. You may not
impose any further restrictions on the recipient's exercise of the rights
granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third
parties to this License.

7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement
or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed
on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the
conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this
License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your
obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a
consequence you may not distribute the data at all.

8.If the distribution and/or use of the data is restricted in certain countries
either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder
who places the data under this License may add an explicit geographical
distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is
permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this
License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.

9. This is the 0.1 version of the « PUBLIC GEODATA LICENSE ». New versions will
be released to incorporate contributions, keeping the idea of free geographical
data, transposed from software and from art. We aim to produce a widely accepted
version as soon as possible.

10. No exception could be accepted for the data use, except by all the authors
according to section 2. Such an exception could not limit the rights granted by
this licence to copy, modify, and distribute the data.

11.NO WARRANTY. BECAUSE THE DATA IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE DATA, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE
THE DATA "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND ACCURACY
OF THE DATA IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE DATA PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF
ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

12.IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL
ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE
DATA AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, EVEN IF SUCH
HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

HOWTO: Adopted from the GPL, not listed as part of PGL although might be useful

HowTo How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs If you develop a new
program, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, the
best way to achieve this is to make it free software which everyone can
redistribute and change under these terms. To do so, attach the following
notices to the program. It is safest to attach them to the start of each source
file to most effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should
have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is
found.

The Swiss cantons dataset contains a layer with all 26 Swiss cantons and 
Liechtenstein in ESRI Shape file format, and the major Swiss lakes.

Copyright (C) 2008 361DEGRES, Christian Kaiser.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more
details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to

the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA
02111-1307 USA
